Coming up to Padma Gochen Ling, let's see if I can drive and see if I can find it.
If I can find it, let's see if I can find it.
[Singing]
Buns, lake, river.
Let's see, is it here?
House.
Is it Bob's house?
[Singing]
Okay, this is where...
Here is where we can quite see temple over here.
And everybody parks here.
I am going to set up my tent.
Somewhere here.
Like this.
Places like this.
Okay.
I will set up my tent, thank you.
Oh no, I just shot you.
I came up here.
I will need the mail.
There she is.
[Singing]
Field.
Here is the temple.
Outhouse.
I will show you.
One more thing.
Here is the temple.
You can kind of see.
Like this.
I am going to come in here.
Is that fine?
Maybe they are in there.
Okay, this is a long video.
Now I come down here.
This is coming to the song house.
Coming to the song house.
See?
No parking in the vicinity of the temple.
I am walking up here.
Okay.
I will make a video for a drop off.
And then,
there is the song house.
See?
That's it. Another couple of outhouses.
Back here.
And mountains.
A bunch of cars.
More mountains and ridges.
So,
this is pretty much it.
Alright.
Much love to you guys.
I don't think I am going to go in there.
There is people in there.
Okay.
What's up drop off.
And,
talk to you later.